{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\deftab709{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 ArialMT;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset128 Times New Roman;}{\f2\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue129;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red51\green0\blue51;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1507;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\sa283\qc\cf1\lang5129\f0\fs44 #ZipLib\cf0\lang1041\f1\fs24  \par
\lang1033\f2\~ \par
\cf1\lang5129 Version 0.85.4\cf0\lang3081  \lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa283\par
\cf1\lang5129\b\f3\fs32 Introduction\cf0\lang1041\b0\f1\fs24  \par
\lang1033\f2\~ \par
\pard\nowidctlpar #ZipLib is a \b Zip, GZip, Tar and BZip2 library\b0  written entirely in C# for the .NET platform. It is implemented as an assembly (installable in the GAC), and thus can easily be incorporated into other projects (in any .NET language).\par
\cf1 #ZipLib was ported from the GNU Classpath ZIP library for use with #Develop (\cf0 http://www.icsharpcode.net/OpenSource/SD\cf1 )\~which needed gzip/zip compression.\~ Later bzip2 compression\~and tar\~archiving was added due to popular demand.\cf0  \par
\~ \par
\lang5129 There is a web site from which you can download the\~assembly\~and or the source code (\lang1033 http://icsharpcode.net/OpenSource/SharpZipLib\lang5129 ).\~ A forum is also available at \lang1033 http://community.sharpdevelop.net/forums/12/ShowForum.aspx\lang1041\f1 .\par
\lang1033\f2\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa283\cf1\lang5129\b\f3\fs32 License\cf0\lang1041\b0\f1\fs24  \par
\lang1033\f2\par
\cf1\lang5129 The software is released under the GPL with an exception which allows linking with non GPL programs. The exception to the GPL is as follows:\cf0\lang3081  \par
\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang5129 Linking this library statically or dynamically with other modules is making a combined work based on this library. Thus, the terms and conditions of the GNU General Public License cover the whole combination.\cf0\lang3081  \par
\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang5129 As a special exception, the copyright holders of this library give you permission to link this library with independent modules to produce an executable, regardless of the license terms of these independent modules, and to copy and distribute the resulting executable under terms of your choice, provided that you also meet, for each linked independent module, the terms and conditions of the license of that module. An independent module is a module which is not derived from or based on this library.\cf0\lang3081  \par
\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang5129 If you modify this library, you may extend this exception to your version of the library, but you are not obligated to do so. If you do not wish to do so, delete this exception statement from your version.\cf0\lang3081  \par
\lang5129\line\~ \par
\cf1\b\f4\fs32 Building the library\cf0\lang3081\b0\f2\fs24  \par
\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang5129 Currently there are two ways to build this library :\cf0  \par
\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang5129\b NAnt \b0 (\cf2 http://nant.sourceforge.net\cf1 )\cf0\lang3081  \par
\cf1\lang5129 This is a free makefile replacement, I encourage the use of this free build automation\cf0  \cf1 utility. Just run the SharpZiplib.build in the src directory. (see the nant documentation\cf0\lang3081  \cf1\lang5129 for more information about nant).\cf0  Version 0.85 was used during development. \lang1033\par
\cf1\lang5129\b SharpDevelop \b0 (\cf2 http://www.icsharpcode.net/OpenSource/SD\cf1 )\cf0\lang3081  \par
\cf1\lang5129 This is a free IDE\~for .NET, the projects are available in the sourece and samples download.\~ Give it a try.\cf0  \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\line\~ \lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa283\cf1\lang5129\b\f4\fs32 Namespace Layout\cf0\lang1041\b0\f1\fs24  \par
\lang1033\f2\~ \par
\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\clbrdrl\brdrw20\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrt\brdrw20\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrb\brdrw20\brdrs\brdrcf5 \cellx5160\clvertalc\clbrdrl\brdrw20\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrt\brdrw20\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrr\brdrw20\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrb\brdrw20\brdrs\brdrcf5 \cellx10529\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\cf1\lang5129 Zip implementation\cf0\lang1033  \cell ICSharpCode.SharpZipLib.Zip \cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\clbrdrl\brdrw20\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrb\brdrw20\brdrs\brdrcf5 \cellx5160\clvertalc\clbrdrl\brdrw20\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrr\brdrw20\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrb\brdrw20\brdrs\brdrcf5 \cellx10529\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\cf1\lang5129 Tar implementation\cf0\lang1033  \cell\cf1\lang5129 ICSharpCode.SharpZipLib.Tar.*\cf0\lang1033  \cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\clbrdrl\brdrw20\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrb\brdrw20\brdrs\brdrcf5 \cellx5170\clvertalc\clbrdrl\brdrw20\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrr\brdrw20\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrb\brdrw20\brdrs\brdrcf5 \cellx10539\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\cf1\lang5129 Gzip implementation\cf0\lang1033  \cell ICSharpCode.SharpZipLib.GZip.* \cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\clbrdrl\brdrw20\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrb\brdrw20\brdrs\brdrcf5 \cellx5170\clvertalc\clbrdrl\brdrw20\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrr\brdrw20\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrb\brdrw20\brdrs\brdrcf5 \cellx10539\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\cf1\lang5129 Bzip2 implementation\cf0\lang1033  \cell ICSharpCode.SharpZipLib.BZip2.* \cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\clbrdrl\brdrw20\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrb\brdrw20\brdrs\brdrcf5 \cellx5170\clvertalc\clbrdrl\brdrw20\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrr\brdrw20\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrb\brdrw20\brdrs\brdrcf5 \cellx10539\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\cf1\lang5129 Inflater/Deflater streams\cf0\lang1033  \cell ICSharpCode.SharpZipLib.Zip.Compression.Streams \cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\clbrdrl\brdrw20\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrb\brdrw20\brdrs\brdrcf5 \cellx5160\clvertalc\clbrdrl\brdrw20\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrr\brdrw20\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrb\brdrw20\brdrs\brdrcf5 \cellx10529\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar Core utilities /\~interfaces \cell ICSharCode.SharpZipLib.Core \cell\row\pard\nowidctlpar\~ \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa283\~ \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa283\cf1\lang5129\b\f4\fs32 Reporting Bugs/Submit Patches\cf0\lang1041\b0\f1\fs24  \lang1033\f2\par
\par
\cf1\lang5129 If you want to submit a patch write to \cf2 mike@icsharpcode.net\cf1 . If it is a bug fix then it is required that you write a unit test demonstrating the bug. If you find a bug send me a case (generally a file that fails) or preferably a unit test demonstrating the bug. I'll try to fix it.\cf0\lang3081  \par
\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang5129\b\f4\fs32 Credits\cf0\lang1041\b0\f1\fs24  \par
\lang1033\f2\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\cf1\lang5129 #ZipLib\~was originally\~developed by Mike Krueger ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:mike@icsharpcode.net" }}{\fldrslt{\cf4\lang1033\ul mike@icsharpcode.net}}}\cf1\lang5129\ulnone\f2\fs24 ). However, much existing Java code helped a lot in speeding the creation of this library. \cf0\lang1033\par
\~ \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa283\cf1\lang5129 Therefore credits fly out to others.\cf0\lang3081  \lang1033\par
\par
\cf1\lang5129 Zip/Gzip implementation :\cf0  \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\cf1 A Java version of the zlib which was originally created by the Free Software Foundation (FSF). So all credits should go to the FSF and the authors who have worked on this piece of code.\cf0  \lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa283\par
\cf1\lang5129 Without the zlib authors the Java zlib wouldn't be possible :\cf0\lang3081  \par
\cf1\lang5129 Jean-loup Gailly(jloup@gzip.org)\cf0  \par
\cf1 Mark Adler(\cf0\lang3081{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:madler@alumni.caltech.edu" }}{\fldrslt{\cf3\lang5129\ul madler@alumni.caltech.edu}}}\cf1\lang3081\ulnone\f2\fs24 ) and contributors of zlib.\cf0  \lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa283\cf1\lang5129 For the bzip2 implementation :\cf0  \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\cf1 Julian R Seward\cf0  \lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa283\par
\cf1\lang5129 The Java port was done by Keiron Liddle, Aftex Software(keiron@aftexsw.com)\cf0  \par
\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang5129 Credits for the tar implementation fly out to :\cf0  \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\cf1 Timothy Gerard Endres(time@gjt.org)\cf0  \lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa283\par
\cf1\lang5129 Special thanks to Christoph Wille for beta testing, suggestions and the setup of the Web site.\cf0  \par
\lang1033\par
}
 